backport: Merge bitcoin#15367, 17458, 18309, 18965, 16525 (#5728)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-16525.md

RPC changes
-----------

> Exposed transaction version numbers are now treated as unsigned 32-bit integers
> instead of signed 32-bit integers. This matches their treatment in consensus
> logic. Versions greater than 2 continue to be non-standard (matching previous
> behavior of smaller than 1 or greater than 2 being non-standard). Note that
> this includes the joinpsbt command, which combines partially-signed
> transactions by selecting the highest version number.

Reviewer: 16525:
```suggestion
Exposed transaction version numbers are now treated as unsigned 16-bit integers
instead of signed 16-bit integers. This matches their treatment in consensus
logic. Versions greater than 3 continue to be non-standard (matching previous
behavior of smaller than 1 or greater than 3 being non-standard). Note that
this includes the joinpsbt command, which combines partially-signed
transactions by selecting the highest version number.
```
